Truong Huc Dong, you once ruined my good deed.
I will definitely let you die without a burial place.
Brandy
Do you dare to act scary in front of Giang Tuyet?
I eat coffins
Go.
Become Mayor Jiang and Seven Helpers
Otherwise, today's story will be very difficult to end.
God, you are so polite.
As mayor, it is my duty.
Truong Huc Dong is my benefactor.
If my benefactor is in trouble, I will help him myself.
This time
Thank you Miss That and Miss Huong for your help.
Other day orders returned well
Today because this problem has been solved perfectly.
Then I will say goodbye.
My brother Thien Nhat also has work.
I'll say goodbye first.
Huc Dong, today's events are thanks to you.
Otherwise our Tham family will be harmed.
Thank you for being polite.
I will help you.
How wonderful.
I will be reassured by your words from now on.
I have work to do.
Mary sent me Xu Dong's good grandfather.
Good.
Huc, what do we do next?